excellent
I liked to buy yes it arrived on time
Customer respect, quality, satisfaction. Happy Customer!!!
I bought 2 products, however only 1 has been delivered so far. I can't wait for the contact of the store to get it right!
Liar, I paid for 3 mugs, only one came and it was broken. Lack of respect
Delivery on time. Product as advertised.
Everything is OK
I was wrong not to pay attention that it was Eau de Toillet, but the smell is wonderful for those who love sweet perfume
did not arrive did not arrive
I bought the product and I had to go to the post office to collect it
but I paid for it by delivering it to my house so I think I was wronged.
by the store I recommend the product price.
Great quality product and super fast delivery. #AquiÉGaloPorra
I will definitely buy again.
Missing 1 network arrived, only 1 network arrived
Received very quickly, perfect product.
A good knife, but it just didn't come sharpened.
great store, correct product delivered on time, excellent
Congratulations, I received the product earlier than advertised.
The product is great and arrived before the estimated time
I recommend the product and the seller
I thought it was good.... And it was delivered well before the deadline
I'm waiting for the helmet to be replaced.
My purchase is still stuck at the post office. I know it's not the store's fault, but something must be done! I need the equipment to work and it hasn't arrived!
great
I bought it one day and received it the next day.
It doesn't even look like Brazil, ahead of schedule and in perfect condition!
10
Product delivered ahead of schedule. I recommend
Super fast delivery!!! Good product
Satisfied with the purchase, the only detail is that the product could come with instructions in Portuguese, otherwise everything is fine, I recommend it.
Correct product, was delivered as described, before the promised deadline.
The product looks good, a little thin. But I haven't put it up yet. It's just like the pictures posted.
Sensational
Great
I bought 2 products, however only 1 has been delivered so far. I can't wait for the contact of the store to get it right!
Thank you for your attention and the product was delivered on time and I recommend anyone to buy from the Lannister site ois it is fast and reliable.
good product
Arrived well ahead of schedule
Great product, very fast delivery!
Excellent quality, beautiful and cheap and delivery before the deadline, you can buy without fear
it never took so long for my products to arrive
I haven't received it yet, but deadline is 6/15/2018
so waiting
good cube, however comes with the screws half loose.
Very good product, as promised!
The product for the value ok despite the fact that on the first day of use the Belt came loose .....
Substantial information was lacking regarding the needs of other devices for installation.
Are beautiful
Only the Seanite Black 12771 Onboard Airplane Small Bag 360º Travel was delivered.
The Automatic Bivolt 5000va Auto Transformer Up to 12,000 Btus has not yet been delivered.
Very satisfied, great quality product and fast delivery. I do recommend this store, keep on improving more and more.
Excellent product delivered ahead of time.
Fast delivery, arrived with everything ok
Is the delay and non-delivery of the goods to the recipient's residence the fault of the Store or of the Lannisters, who charge for a service that does not occur? This only occurred because there was a complaint, the other was caught EBCT.
Very good
The product was delivered on time and everything is correct.
I purchased two rolls of 3D filaments and they only sent me one. The merchandise was paid for and I didn't receive it.
delivered on time
Delivered
VERY SATISFIED
All very well!
Super satisfied with the purchase.
We were very satisfied with the product, it meets our needs very easily. I recommend!
Beautiful reinforced backpack, delivery was fast
Great
It could already come with an adapter next to the USB cable
I highly recommend!!!!!
Very fast delivery
Delivery made and the product is what I wanted, very good!!
I recommend the baratheon store
I do not know if I will receive the product, but I was already upset that they did not meet the deadline
I really like to buy here, my products always arrive in days.
Punctuality!
Everything arrived in order very well
I love shopping at Lannister for the clarity of the information, tracking the order, the time it arrives, very fast!
Getting better, congratulations!
Always have been and always will be a lannister.c customer
I can never talk to Lannister stores
Wonderful!
I bought 2 combos, with 12 units, in a total of 24 boxes. I made the payment of 633.00 in cash. I understood that due to the strike, there were delays, but unfortunately a combo with 11 boxes arrived.
Only one tablet came, there were two now I try to contact the store to open the complaint and nothing!
very good
Good, I'm satisfied!
Quality product and fast delivery
Super fast delivery.
Success to you!
The bags are beautiful!!! And the delivery time, it was more than a month in advance, super fast! I'm just waiting for the other products that are from different suppliers, but I hope they arrive soon!
Good experience.
I haven't used the ax yet, but it looks in order and the delivery was fast.
The purchase made in January, not delivered, now, with a refund of the value through a voucher, no delivery.
Yes I would recommend the product arrived before the date all right
excellent, I received before the stated period.
surprised me arrived before the deadline
no reviews
Bought 6 memories, only received 5.
Product came well packaged, ahead of schedule, with a letter of tips.
the first time everything great approved
very good
Product ok, delivery ok
Every time I buy more I'm satisfied congratulations on the honesty with your customers 👏👏👏👏?
I am waiting for a lamp that did not arrive, only one came in the box I received, only one lamp came inside.
I have not received a response to my complaint.
I like the product but it's bigger than the picture
Product delivered before agreed deadline
I bought a watch and the model came different from the one I ordered
I bought two sets of susplat, but only one came. Horrible fabric quality. I want to exercise the right of repentance.
product arrived in half
I was very upset because the product came broken! Such a neglect
everything is OK
Product arrived on time...
Great product! I recommend.
Arrived ahead of schedule, well packaged and as expected
THE PRODUCT ARRIVED IN HALF THE RECOMMENDED TIME, I AM SATISFIED
Deliver on time!
Received incomplete, missing a product
Good quality product.
Excellent service and the products were exactly what I expected.
I am very satisfied
I am satisfied with the product, it was delivered quickly.
Everything arrived ok but a strange thing happened, I ordered 5 pots and the 5 came in 5 boxes, 1 pot in each box and everything fit in a single box. I thought it was a bit exaggerated.
It doesn't matter if Market Place operates. The purchase was made on the Lannister website and paid to Lannister. If you have to judge, it will be against Lannister and there make the return against the supplier.
this sharpener is rubbish, deception, better a manual whetstone, I'm screwed
lens
I received on 7/9/2018 only the watch, the lamp not
Great product and value for money, I recommend it, and about Lannister stores, the best shopping option!
The product came in perfect condition and arrived ahead of schedule. Congratulations on the service.
Correct product, delivered on time and very well packaged !!
All very well.
I was very well attended, I recommend, delivery on time. I will continue shopping at this store. Always with good deals.
Great product. I recommend
Highly recommend, love...
I loved the fact that I received the product even before the deadline expired.
I loved the product, as in the picture.
It was good to buy Lannister. Now I'm reposting
The product delivered is different from the product purchased on the website and different from the product photo on the website, in addition, it is not compatible with the Electrolux Ergoeasy Titan vacuum cleaner.
So, the product came correctly, but the invoice came with a value very different from what was paid.
I paid a total of 95 reais, the note came with a value of 8.00.
I was attended satisfactorily
I like it a lot but the fragrance is weaker
How beautiful my chandeliers ... I recommend
Great hammock to take to the park, too bad it can't hold a couple, but you can take a break.
Everything is OK
I recommend
I love the product I highly recommend it
Very good watch.
Buttons, visualization but the bracelet leaves something to be desired. It marks a lot on the arm and gets to bother. Other than that, very good watch...
Please I need you to solve my problem because I really like this store but my order came wrong
The product is very good. Very expensive shipping.
The product arrived before the deadline, however, I do not recommend the Shin Pad, it is very malleable and the glove has little padding.
unfortunately I was not happy with this purchase, because until today my order is stopped at the Post Office
The product is good, however it is sold as if it were Sony (original) but in fact it is not original but a replica.
I ask to check with the company and carrier, because so far my order has not been delivered.
Counting on your support.
Service according
I liked the deadline.
quality product, fast delivery.
Fast delivery and product as advertised
The frames are beautiful and of excellent quality. I was surprised with the purchase! very satisfied!
It arrived earlier than expected.
Very nice to buy and receive purchases so fast. I will even recommend Lannister stores to my parents, as they will need to shop for the beach vacation
Product arrived very fast, everything correct, indicated to all.
great product
I DIDN'T LIKE THE PRODUCT, AND WORSE THAT THE STORE DOES NOT GIVE AN EXCHANGE OPTION ON THE WEBSITE, AND THE LANNISTER CONTACT DOES NOT HAVE AN OPTION TO SPEAK...
Do not buy from this store! I tried to cancel the purchase 5 times and I was only answered after having refused delivery by the Post Office.
It was very well attended product delivered on time and correct
excellent
Arrived on time and correct product
I LIKED THE CELL PHONE CASE, IT CAME AS I EXPECTED.
I only received 1 perfume (H2O perfume). I have NOT received the Ototemo perfume yet. I'm worried because the order states that I received two perfumes!!!
Product delivered on time, very good.
Very quality bag, perfect size. I recommend to everyone
There was a communication problem between the emails sent and without separate delivery without notice. but in the end I got everything right and on time. Therefore, I recommend and would buy again.
I recommend! /Quality and on-time delivery..
product did not come as purchased.
It arrived before the deadline, very well packaged, I will buy again for sure. Shortly.
I was very satisfied with the delivery, and the agility
Great quality product, as advertised.
I loved the blanket. Very comfortable and good value for money.
Arrived ahead of schedule, the material is not of such good quality in terms of finishes, but otherwise it's great
It was the correct product
The product came well packaged and correct, arrived before the expected time. I always buy and buy from stark and I recommend it.
Arrived just before the deadline, product working properly.
I didn't give it 5 stars, because I still need to evaluate the durability of the product, lol
Good afternoon.!!
I received the product and it was delivered on time but a replica came instead of the original product
please I want a solution to this problem I trusted the site announced by you
Excellent!
The store gave me an exchanged product, less than the amount I paid for the purchase, I want to return the product and my money back. Customer disrespect!
 Look for the procon.
A good finish, compatible with what I wanted.
I thought it was different than advertised, but it's worth the cost benefit!
it arrived super fast... I placed the order on the 18.07th, it arrived on the 20.07.... in perfect condition
Super fast delivery, ahead of schedule, super recommend.
I placed the following order: Qi Wireless Charger Base Premium Samsung Stand Wireless

This one has arrived: Baseus Fino Qi Wireless Charger
You sell and when we have a problem like in my case, they tell us to contact the partner. They push the problem. I bought and paid for 2 units and I only receive 1
Great product and recommend
It's so worth it!
Didn't deliver, no refund
Goodnight,
Yesterday I received the product that, unfortunately, does not work (it does not charge the battery of my LG cell phone).
I tried accessing the lannister.com complaints channel, but I couldn't. I made a bad deal
This is another one of the messages I've been sending since 04/27/18. I did not receive my complete purchase. Missing 1 (one) cartridge. Just the MOST EXPENSIVE! The colorful.
The NF was delivered but so far nothing of the products. Waiting for delivery to recommend the store.
Delivered on time, correct order
Delivery on time as always!
Good
I love the bags, beautiful!
Everything is OK
great
Very good
Satisfied with the goods and delivery before the deadline congratulations
very good, it was expected
Indicated delivery on time very good
Great product, I recommend
I bought 2 and only 1 came. I wait for an answer because only this request came wrong. I await the other ah me.
all right correct delivery
I haven't received the product yet
I received the product, I'm on vacation and I replied because I keep receiving emails from baratheon asking me to do the evaluation.
The product is not what I thought it would be.
GREAT AND KEEP IT UP
Great product!
I bought 2 and only received 1.

The invoice contains 2 pieces and quantity of VOLUME 1, and inside the volume there is only one blanket, which by the way is of TERRIBLE quality.
I received 2 units of the product, and I bought 3 units..
I LOVED
Order arrived on time and in perfect condition.
just a suggestion, when they are going to divide the delivery of the product, let them know in advance.
Excellent product very beautiful fast delivery
Get everything right and fast!
100%
Despite being delivered quickly, they replaced the METEORO box with the BORNE box. When I tried to complain to Lannister, the system was down. The guitar and accessories were correct.
very poor quality product would not recommend this product
So far I have been buying and I have not been attended to, nothing to complain about
It was delivered before the deadline, I loved it
It was delivered before the date
provided and without damage.
Product delivered before deadline
Person, good afternoon. I inform you that only the base arrived, the laundry basket did not arrive. I also inform you that the freight on the invoice came different from the amount I had calculated, it came 3x higher. I request a return.
good
ultra fast
Very satisfied .
THE PRINTER DETECTED THAT ONE OF THE CARTRIDGES IS NOT ORIGINAL, THE BLACK
Good
Delivery on time. Good service.
My daughter loved the toy... the deadline was obeyed...
I am waiting for a lamp that did not arrive, only one came in the box I received, only one lamp came inside.
I have not received a response to my complaint.
It could already come with an adapter next to the USB cable
I recommend
I liked
More responsibility with customers regarding the origin of the product, quality, certainty that the product delivered is according to the order
I recommend this store because I know it, but I'm waiting for merchandise.
My order arrived missing an item.
I believe that the problem is in the post office but the supplier does not get in touch to resolve the issue.
I do not recommend this store
I paid the delivery fee, but I had to pick up the product at the post office, even though I sent an email, I received a generic electronic response that did not help me at all
Perfect merchandise I recommend it to everyone congratulations on your work
I bought the product I wanted at a good price and I received it on time!!
Missing product
I bought 2 curtains and only 1 came
When I fix the problem I change my rating.
I thought it was very good to buy with you
Everything as promised!
Excellent
It would be nice if it wasn't coming with a broken button.
I recommend
Product arrived well packaged and on time. Thank you all.
Recommend product fast delivery
Product delivered on time in perfect condition.
I don't recommend this store... because I bought two identical curtains and they only sent me one and the note came with the quantity of two... I already called Americana and asked I'm waiting for a position
Everything worked
LOVED THE PRODUCT, DELIVERY MADE WITHIN THE EXPECTED TIME
I ordered the wrong product, requested authorization for return, so far no response.
Everything ok, fast delivery!
It arrived quickly and as I ordered.
I liked the piece of furniture but it is the first time that I have seen a piece of furniture delivered without an assembly manual. Despite being small, no one is required to know how to ride. I did it, but a lot of people might not.
you pay and do not receive
I had to pick it up at the post office, and in the box there was only one chair and I bought two!!! I will sue!
I haven't used the product yet....
I loved the product is the excellent purchase!
The question is, when will you deliver my merchandise that has already been paid for?
The purchase was made of 2 items, but I only received 1 and the note contains 2.
I look forward to hearing from you with due action.
I already sent a message and until today they haven't answered me. I only received part of the order
In the ad it says it is a velvet towel, but in reality it has the texture of a low-quality bath towel, but it is suitable for playing poker; could be better for the price charged
The Knee Pads arrived separately on different days.
The board is not new, it has been altered and does not work. I am very dissatisfied with the Lannister store, as the product came from the free market.
I want my money back.
I EAT 4 GLASSES OF VITAMIN D3 I PAID EXPENSIVE SHIPPING AND I ONLY RECEIVED 3 GLASSES. I WANT TO RECEIVE THE ROOM THAT EVERYTHING COST BRL 260.00
Quality product as advertised. The order was delivered 15 days before the initial date, wonderful.
Fast delivery and perfect product
YES REGARDING CELLPHONES AND THE LEATHER COVER MEET MY EXPECTATIONS, BUT THE FILM CAME WRONG MY LG IS THE K10 PRO SCREEN 5.7MM, THE FILM CAME PRO K10 NEW 5.3MM
The perfume packaging is original, but the essence is not. I've been using Vezzo for over 10 years. The product I received is pirated. I'm going after my consumer rights. I want the right perfume or my money.
The pieces came disassembled and some of them came bigger making it difficult to assemble the pieces.
VERY CUTE umbrella
For the time being, I have not received my order despite the tracking indicating that it has already been delivered.
I received the product but it came wrong, I still haven't received any contact from the company!
The pendant came with flaws in the painting; as the electrician had already installed; I chose not to exchange the product!
I didn't receive the shawl for the sofa, but when I called, it says I already did.
Top Show
I loved it, as in the photo
Excellent
The product arrived well before the estimated date,, super loved ....
Good product
Delivered super fast and the product is of good quality.
targaryen, this seems to be your only problem because for me it caused a huge one, I will never recover my files as important data in an application that deleted , music and mainly photos.
The product was delivered ahead of schedule, in perfect condition. The packaging could be a little darker. Besides, everything is perfect.
Beautiful product, but it is a little fragile, in the photo it seemed more resistant.
delivery note 10
Two disturbing things: the invoice only contains 1 bottle, it should be 6; the inf. nutrition gives 100% V/D per capsule and the way to use recommends daily consumption of 2 capsules.
The box came damaged and looking old.
All good the product arrived before the expected date.
I definitely recommend to buy on the official website always.
Thank you for your service
OK
Everything arrived right and on time.
perfect product
10
very good
product delivered on time and as chosen.
Very good product, the only thing that bothers me is the noise I get if I'm lying on a mattress with plastic, it must be because it's waterproof
Great!
I always bought from Lannister and had no problems, but this time I didn't receive the product.
Excellent product and fast delivery! Satisfied!
Good products and delivered on time.
I had to pick up my product at a post office extremely far from my home. Would recommend DirectLog distribution agency as delivery is actually done.
Products very well packaged and delivered on time.
Delivery before deadline
great quality
Arrived on time but came scratched.
I recommend
I really liked it and I recommend everyone to buy from this store
very bad, service only electronic, you have to wait for the good will of the store to get in touch.
I received the product as advertised, it works as promised.
Product came without important piece to attach the pendant to the ceiling. I had to "turn around" to get a similar piece that is not the same as shown in the ad photo. I consider False Advertising.
Fake offer, do not buy !! They do not deliver, there is no product!
The product arrived super fast, it is beautiful and came very well packaged.
I received only 1 requested unit, there should be 2, it was even charged and appears on the invoice. I've been trying to contact the store for 4 days. They inform me that they will send me the contact of the supplier by email
I recommend the company for the speed, packaging and excellent service. I wish them success and good business.
Out of ten for service and delivery
I liked everything. Keep working with dedication, attention and zeal.
banknote delivery right and before the deadline

Congratulations Lannister stores.
Sometimes I access the website of a certain store, select the product and see that it is not sold by that store, giving up on the purchase. But it's for partners like this that I won't do it anymore. I recommend.
fast delivery, everything perfect
Quality, great price, fast delivery! Note 1000000
I recommend
The microphone is not working. It has a very low and strange sound. What to do to use the guarantee?
I bought the sofa cover that was already delivered (which by the way is very good) but I still haven't received the cushions.
I just didn't like the finish of the product, otherwise everything is fine... Thank you.
CONTROL AQUARIOS SHOULD CONNECT ALL THE CONVERTERS AQUARIO, BUT I HAVE 2 TYPES HERE AND IT DIDN'T WORK IN ANYONE. TO AVOID DISORDERS I BOUGHT AN AQUARIO DTV 8000 CONVERTER AT baratheon AND IT TURNED ON.
The product arrived in perfect condition, the site lannister.com has once again proven to be reliable. However, there was a delay of 3 days in delivery (considering the deadline provided by the site itself).
Delivery before deadline
material less than expected
product delivered on the scheduled date according to the stipulated period.
Product arrived kidnapping and correctly sealed
Only the curtains came, the sheet set did not arrive
Product with poor finish, equipment case misaligned and with gaps on the sides.
The product did not come
it was good buy
Very good!!!
I order a product for a code and another totally different one comes.
I did not receive the product, and the amount has already been paid!!! Totally dissatisfied.
Bad
One of the crimpers I bought, specifically the FOLHA NAO FRISA! DOESN'T DO ITS FUNCTION. It does not mold the eva, I tested it with several different materials and unfortunately it does not work.
I received the mask with cracks in the front acrylic, how do I complain?
Great quality product and easy installation, super fast delivery, everything right.
The bike came completely disassembled and on the website it clearly said that the product would only come without the front wheel and the handlebars but that is not what happened, review your concepts and don't lie.
Super fast delivery... And the product is very good. of excellent quality... Super approved
The delivery came divided, being the first with the invoice of the total, generating doubts, in cases of dividing the delivery, the ideal is to notify the customer
Congratulations!!
only the price was not good, I found the same product 300% cheaper.
excellent
nothing to complain
product as specified, arrived on time. I recommend.
I have not received yet
Product arrived damaged, with crack in the body of the source, however functional.
But the fact that the product arrives in this way demonstrates that the seller did not take due care in shipping.
I bought the Lemon Lime flavor but the seller called me saying it was over and they gave me a banana one
Missing 1 product and the ones I received 1 came broken
Loved the wallpaper. It arrived ahead of time!
All very well
I've bought several times and I've always been well attended
excellent service, delivery times within the
stipulated deadline always arrives before the date
Preview
The device is good, just missing the wire that connects to the electricity, you have to buy it.
I paid dearly and still have to buy yarn.
Some control functions do not work; but the basic functions are ok
It takes a few days for it to "take effect". But it works.
very correct, but my choice for the product was wrong
It's been a long time since the stipulated deadline and I still haven't received the product
I bought a micro SD card that didn't come the same as the description or the image, and the worst thing is that it still didn't work and it came corrupted. I'm waiting for an exchange response.
It's really original! It Works very well! Everything's good!
You sent me the wrong invoice, how do I change the invoice
My product has not been delivered yet. And the seller doesn't give me any satisfaction. I already sent several email msgs of complaint and so far nothing has been done
For me it was cool, I confess that I was a little apprehensive because I had never made an online purchase but everything was great, I would definitely buy again.
I really enjoyed buying this app, I recommend it
Highly recommend, fast delivery.
Good quality product, but the volume buttons didn't fit the buttons, I had to cut the fittings.
I recommend it, but the deadline informed is very long, the delivery was made well before the deadline, but I think a shorter deadline should be stipulated
I received the product within the date
super fast delivery
Lannister and Targaryen are not committed to delivery, the courier says he made two attempts even though he made both and the third time happened.
The estimated delivery date for the product was 01/08/2018. It is now 8/3/2018 and we still haven't received it (neither the product nor the invoice).
product arrived ahead of schedule. excellent material exceeded my expectations.
I'm very dissatisfied!
I'm in the works and I didn't open the rolls to check, but apparently everything is right.
I did not receive the complete product.. out of 6 cups, 4 were missing... I await a response
forcing
Great!!!
super recommend correct product
I didn't receive my product and I can't contact the store either. Absurd!!!
I can not evaluate the product because I have not used it yet, but the deadlines were met in delivery
Great store to buy
Delivery is fast
Congratulations
Lowest price I found between physical and virtual stores. I haven't used the product yet, but it came in perfect condition.

Only point is that as I bought 2 boxes, I had to pay twice the shipping.
Beautiful product, I liked it and recommend the delivery time was great. And it looks great in my kitchen
Product as advertised. Delivery on time.
Goodnight,
I went to check the progress of the product and saw in the email that the product had been delivered, and I did not receive anything.
I await an answer.
What's going on anyway?
delivery note 10
At the time of purchase, I entered the wrong product and I cannot exchange it for the correct product on the website, so I want to return it to use the voucher to purchase the correct product.
Very good. Product delivered on time and correctly
I received on 7/9/2018 only the watch, the lamp not
I loved the product! I recommend.
Rustic and simple to assemble cellar. Great!
Not received
excellent product, I recommend
I bought one product and you gave me another.
Beautiful product, I loved it!!
there is no product description and I received a plastic curtain
My daughter is delighted, she loved the doll!
It arrived before the date. I already used .
Product as described. But I didn't like it because the alarm sound is very low..
great products
GOOD MORNING, THIS IS THE FOURTH TIME THAT I REQUEST THE RETURN OF THE PRODUCT AND UNTIL THE MOMENT I HAVEN'T HAD A RETURN, BECAUSE THE MEASUREMENTS OF THE BAG ARE NOT THE SAME DECLARED AT THE ACT OF PURCHASE.
GT. KEYLA
So far I have not received the product Mattress Protector for Cots - Waterproof Cotton, I have already made the complaint since the 18/06th and still have not received a response. I will cancel the order and refund the purchase today
The product arrived much earlier than the deadline and came straight.
Good
Ótimo msnsksknsjsjsjsnsjsjsjsnsjsjsndnndjxjxndndjsjdjdjdjdjjdjdjdjsjsjdjdjdjdjdjsjdjdjjdjdjdjdjdjsjsjdjsksjsjjssnjsjsjsjsjsjsjsjjskskskskskskkskskskskskskskskskksksksnwksksksksnnsjsjsjsjsjnsnsjsjsjsns
great quality product!
I like very good! And it arrived before the deadline.
it was delivered before the deadline and very good product
order delivered on time
I bought three units of the VGA extender and only one was delivered to me. I don't receive an answer to my questions and I didn't receive the invoice
The product arrived before the expected date. I am happy with my purchase. It's beautiful!
Fast and effective
In addition to the product being a rough finish, made with the ratchet pin loose.
And I'm trying to make the return but Lannister is not giving me this support.
My product has not yet been delivered.
It may have been due to a lack of gasoline in the country, but I still need your opinion.
DELIVERY WAS FAST VERY GOOD
The product delivered was not the product I purchased, the order was made for the Vacuum Cleaner Ph Rapid 1000N 127V and ASP PO RAPID TURBO PAS02 127V was delivered, I wish to return the amount paid and withdraw
Product in great condition, very nice
thank you
great product
super fast delivery love it
I loved it, mine arrived well before the deadline, and it's more beautiful than I imagined..
For this and other reasons I love shopping at baratheon!!
#SuperRecommend
Delivery was made much earlier than the stated date!
I will only know the quality when I use it.
I didn't receive the product I bought, another smaller and different model arrived and I can't get in contact with the customer service at the lannister.com stores to exchange it. Awaiting return.
Excellent purchase and excellent product
I received it before the delivery date.
As for the product, nothing to complain about, but the targaryen that delivers it took a long time in its separation and product delivery procedure, I bought another product from another company and it arrived well before!
Only that when ordering I didn't know that the product was too big for me
I bought the model in the photo (model EP 760/1) and received the previous model (model HV 700)
Good quality product, great value for money
Trusted company.
The stickers arrived crumpled. I'll see if when I apply it normalizes.
the product was not delivered, the company does not pronounce
My watch has not arrived
Congratulations, exactly what I bought arrived on time, I am very happy.
Worked perfectly. Lightweight and easy to use. Quite long handle with hooks to secure when storing. Three types of suction nozzles. Stands upright, which makes it easy to store.
Gentlemen, I purchased 2 products, they only delivered the Sorcerer Sweeper Mod. Compact Plus, and the partner was targaryen, and the worst thing is that it appears on the lannister website as the 2 products are delivered
I ordered 2 Elegance single and 1 queen mosquito nets. 3 single musketeers arrived and no queen. The 3 invoices that came describe other products, not the ones ordered.
OK
Quality product. Satisfactory purchase. I recommend.
Very good
Quality product. As per the description.
The product was not delivered on the first attempt, probably due to a failure by the Post Office. After being returned to the seller, I received the order in two days, after AB Araujo got in touch
Delivery everything in order, I have nothing to complain about, it arrived well before the deadline, regarding the product I still don't know because I only took 2 so far.
review the deadline,
Beautiful doll. As it is a gift, I didn't take it out of the box to see how it is. But apparently everything is fine
I recommend I arrive on time and the smell of the product is good and smooth.
Simply horrible product
Amazing service and speed of delivery. Now let's use the product. I already started the treatment.
Thanks.
I haven't received the product yet so I have nothing to say.
The product is a hard plastic, let's see if it supports heating the lamp.
In just a few days of use, the rug began to shed hair and fray at the edges!
excellent product very competent store, product delivered before the deadline. I only have to praise I never had problems with my purchases. CONGRATULATIONS lannister.*****
Right time and good product.
excellent delivery time
Just to receive it took a while, nothing else to complain about.
kd the companion product
Products came missing and so far no one has responded to my emails.
Congratulations on your commitment to customers, Thank you
The product is excellent, as described, everything is fine, I loved it. What impressed me was the delivery, super fast.
It is not possible to evaluate the product because the product was stolen at the post office and until now I have not received the replacement.
The product arrived very quickly and as described in the ad, I had to make some changes due to the specific needs of my service..
unsatisfied....
Product as described in the ad and delivered on time.
I am very satisfied.
The product was not delivered, only the invoices. I'm waiting for an answer.
Quality product, very beautiful, exceeded my expectations
Good morning

I bought 5 chairs and only received 4.
I need to know how my refund for 1 chair will be.
Great, deliver on time.
The product was delivered on time, but an item was missing. I immediately contacted Lannister who told me to get in touch with you and get back to me. But so far nothing!
I was actually surprised by the speed of delivery. It was actually way ahead of schedule.
it takes a long time to deliver, such a small product.
Bought 6 memories, only received 5.
Good afternoon,

Delivery made before the mentioned deadline.
Fast delivery and quality product!!!
It arrived super fast... the product is excellent, I'm going to buy 3 more to give as gifts.
I bought two pendants, the single and the double, but they only delivered the single one. I am waiting for the delivery of the other merchandise
Product exceeded my expectation. Preserve perfectly. Great finish.
Delivered voltage different from purchase.
I purchased two products together and received only one code. I automatically thought I would see both but only one arrived
no invoice came with the total purchase amount.
always good buy
Arrived well before proposed
Very good product as I expected and super mega fast delivery.
This product is of very good quality and you can buy it
I bought every tire. It arrived as promised, on time. All very well. I recommend.
I bought two pendants, the single and the double, but they only delivered the single one. I am waiting for the delivery of the other merchandise
The doll is not the same as the image on the website, so I was very disappointed, because whenever I bought some things on this website, they were well attended
I haven't used the product yet...but the service was great!!!
The product was not delivered on the first attempt, probably due to a failure by the Post Office. After being returned to the seller, I received the order in two days, after AB Araujo got in touch
It arrived in perfect condition and very fast delivery I recommend it to everyone congratulations. Thanks
Good quality product, delivery on time
I didn't receive the complete order. My purchase was 3 pending and only one came in the box, but the invoice came from the three products.
So far no one has responded to my complaint email.
I wait.
Excellent
Good service
It could be excellent if the support had not come with a defect. It was just support. the rest is perfect
I loved
I will never buy from Lannister stores again
Pure false advertising.
I bought a product and they gave me another one, I'm trying to contact them and so far nothing. I do not recommend.
Very good!
I didn't receive the product
I bought the crib kit more than a month ago and it still hasn't been delivered
It arrived well packaged and on time. I recommend the product and the seller.
It is a dynamic logistics that fulfills its responsibilities
I bought it on Saturday and received it on Thursday, well before the deadline! Wonderful product makes the bed much more comfortable.
I bought the tint and when it arrived it was from another brand... I just think they should send what the customer actually bought....
THE ORDER WAS PAID IN 10 INSTALLMENTS BUT THE baratheon CARD PASSED IN 3 INSTALLMENTS. THEREFORE WOULD NOT BUY AGAIN
Delivery on time, correct product, but the clock does not work
Product as specified, great purchase. I recommend it to everyone.
I recommend
The product is what was expected, now the 5 stars are for delivery, I bought it one day and it arrived the next, and the deadline was 9-12 business days.
Yes
Extremely careful store, from packaging, products of excellent quality, very good indeed !! Exceeded expectations!!!!!
I really liked the product, size, quality, however the internal color of the lamp was not as described, I did not like the color.
EXCELLENT SERVICE
It arrived as ordered.
Best delivery time. Excellent quality product. Exceeds expectations.
I was very pleased to shop with you
There is no after sales, it is impossible to know the status of the purchase. bad seller.
I did not receive the sofa cover. I'm waiting and I'm not informed when it will come
The mattress protector was missing
Both good quality products.
It's always good to shop at Lannister!
I think the product should have a longer shelf life.
No comments
Very good!!
I didn't like the delivery on several different dates! Different from all online purchases I use!
I still haven't received my product.
I purchased the curtain because I liked the details and price and price, but the curtain arrived with a very different color from the image, and without the details. As beautiful as it is, I haven't installed it, and I don't know if I'm going to stay.
The product does not seem very good to me but the store I recommend
I was very satisfied with the product, I made a special order for delivery, and they accepted this order, which for me made all the difference. Very happy, thank you note 10.
4 UNITS HAVE BEEN PURCHASED. SO FAR ONLY 2 UNITS HAVE BEEN DELIVERED
I am satisfied with the product purchased and the delivery time even with the truck drivers' stoppage.
Great quality
Only shipping which I think is still too expensive
We don't have efficient tracking and we don't know why it didn't deliver, other stores I bought it were always delivered in advance, so I didn't like it, I buy with you Diogo.
I only received one item from the order! The invoice is correct (it also has only one item)!
But what about the other item? What happened? I do not know anything!
REQUESTED A REFUND. DEFECTIVE PRODUCT
I ordered the product in black and it came in white. I'm waiting for a response from the company (LOJARIOPRETO) to exchange the product in the right color or refund the money.
I recommend...
I bought two printer cartridges that came moldy and counterfeit.
and now?
Good product
arrived as expected
Well, it met expectations.
Great quality original product. Small, super delicate.
I wanted a contact number, I bought two safes, only one arrived and without an invoice
I recommend everything right with the delivery and the product.
Delivered on time, product as advertised
I recommend! Delivery before deadline. Bought to protect my couch as I have a dog. It met my expectations. Very good!
In addition to the product being of excellent quality, the store was very concerned about serving me well and informing me about the color of the product! This is a big differential in the market today! They are to be congratulated!
I'm still waiting for the product to arrive.
They delivered a product from another brand, much inferior! And in the ad it says MAIRIBEL brand and the product photo is from MAIRIBEL.
Arrived before the stipulated time
I received it on time....................I recommend the store.........good price... ....................delivered on time, but the deadline was too long..................but worth the price............
Our loved one arrived well before the delivery deadline I am very satisfied
This item has been ordered twice by mistake. I asked for the cancellation of one of them, but it was not carried out and they did not give me an answer. As a result, I have 6 identical pieces of the product.
I was outraged.
Great quality, product as pictured, beautiful. I loved.
Great quality product, as advertised.
I bought two units and only received one so far. I contacted the targaryen and they said it's on its way to another unit. I am waiting.
Excellent
Badly finished and fragile watch, very poor quality, looks like a street vendor. Not worth the price at all.
I bought two units of the product and only received one. I'm waiting for the shipment or information about the second one..
very good
I just found the arms narrow and don't cover the entire arm of the sofa
Everything conforms.
When shopping on the lannister.com website, I have always been well attended and guaranteed delivery within the stipulated period.
Good afternoon
The product I ordered has not arrived! Only the invoice arrived in the mail. Absurd!!!
My niece received an envelope addressed to me from the post office, when I opened it I only had the invoice
very good!
Very useful product and great quality
Horrible quality, color totally different from the advertisement that shows and speaks. I was forced to give 1 star otherwise I would not send the review. But the rating for everything is zero stars, zero for everything
OK
Still need to deliver a double bed quilt.
one of the sheet sets was not the one I chose.
GOOD QUALITY ONLY THE MULINET IS VERY SIMPLE BEYOND WHAT I THOUGHT
I have to thank you for the speed with which it was delivered
Product delivered before the date, everything working properly! I recommend!!
Provision of the acquired service performed perfectly, within the deadline and in full compliance with the consumer's rights. I highly recommend.
My order was delivered well ahead of schedule, thank you, super recommend.
I already paid for the product and it still hasn't arrived
very good to buy in Lannister
The product is very good, it just came with a factory defect. The bottom part is not matching the top part. Keep dancing. The store is very good, but I'm waiting for the answer for the return.
Thank you for the speed and well done packaging
Well, they should only advise that it would not be delivered to the residence, but to the post office.
More than a month to arrive
Product arrived before the estimated time, fully packaged and fully insured. Easy to assemble. I recommend!
Delivery before deadline. Very satisfied.
The product has a small defect and I requested an exchange. I'm waiting for instructions.
I received the products on time but the protectors came a little dirty
The folder is exactly as expected. Although there are no photos of the inside. There is space for various drawing objects, squares, compasses, rulers, pencils, etc. I really liked. I recommend.
The product arrived before the deadline placed in the system and in great condition!
I have only received one unit so far, the Quilt Giovana, the Quilt Beatriz is missing.
Defective charger and the store refuses to exchange it.
In the product image it shows the shower but it came without
Products arrived very quickly.
Everything that was programmed happened and within the foreseen period
Great product, goes with everything! And everything arrived on time.
It was delivered well ahead of schedule.
ARRIVED BEFORE THE DEADLINE, EASY TO CONFIGURE AND UNDERSTAND ITS FUNCTIONALITIES, GOOD TO USE
OK
They sent another product instead of the one I bought. I bought a bumblebee, they sent a Batgirl, which we already have, my daughter was waiting for this doll anxiously, as we were behind for a long time.
I bought the kitchen for Monica's class and the grocery store was delivered.
The deadline has expired and I still haven't received the product, not even a satisfaction.
I have nothing to declare a hug
I haven't received the product yet
product arrived in half
All the best.
Fast delivery, I like it
I didn't like this store, the quilt kit didn't come with the Heart pillow and even in a different color from the photo, it came beige instead of white. Bad quality too, it's a sheet with ruffles!!! And the chair rocks!!
The cube is very malleable, its colors are wonderful. Highly recommend.
The product has not yet arrived at my house.
Reliable baratheon partner company.
I liked it, I recommend it
It is not possible to speak with the store to ask questions about the product.
I really liked the product and the service
Imperial king sheet 4 piece bedding set did not come.
Agile purchase and fast delivery. Secure trading. I recommend!
Fast delivery, product as advertised! I recommend
excellent
He meets
I bought two plushies and only one unit arrived. The little devil emoji plush is missing.
It arrived earlier than expected.
Very good product and when I run out I will buy again on the site
Great product!! It arrived super fast!!! Great quality!!! I highly recommend! It's beautiful, it's so big!! 😍😘
Hello
Goodnight
So far, my order for a notebook cover that was scheduled to be delivered between the dates 28/06 and 29/06 has not been delivered
Would you like them to check what happened?
Excellent quality product but the voltage came different! I informed lannister .com before boarding Enesio so they sent me 110 instead of 220v
Need to improve the packaging. 2 pans came scratched as if they had been forced to fit in the box.
excellent satisfaction
Extremely careful store, from packaging, products of excellent quality, very good indeed !! Exceeded expectations!!!!!
I ordered two rugs, but only one arrived.
I'm waiting for the other one to arrive.
I hope it arrives soon. what should i do???
The product came defective. I requested delivery and got no response.
Horrible
beautiful product
Excellent
super fast delivery, very reliable store.
as soon as I made the order I noticed that I had ordered the wrong product and at the same time I asked for the order to be canceled but I had no response from targaryen, I already made more than 10 return requests but they did not respond
Very good, only one is not working.
My product has not been delivered
Very good.
The targaryene is saying that she delivered the five stools but I only received two. Can I solve it without going to PROCON?
It arrived safely, before the deadline.
Congratulations, I liked having bought at Lannister stores, I became a customer
I bought 4 products, and I only received 3. There was a white sheet without an elastic band. It was almost R$100.00. And how am I? I do not harm?
I got 1 cup of each, I bought 6 of each should get 12 pieces. I'm waiting for your feedback!
Very good
Delivered before the deadline, with quality and as specified in the publication.
I recommend.
I was very satisfied, but I thought it was a product and another one came. Because from the photo it looked like it was a quilt and it came in the sheet material. But that's fine. No problem. I have always bought from this site and trust.
They did not send me the color I had requested.
The product came with defect
I loved the valve and the delivery was super fast, it came with a small mark on the edge, but it's still worth it! Looks great!
great shop
The product sold by targaryen arrived in a cardboard box, wrapped in newspaper. Dirty product that needed cleaning. Absurd. It's sad to see the Lannisters with such bad partnerships.
very good everything arrived on time
the purchase arrived partially, the cell phone covers did not come with the rest of the order, waiting to see if they are coming separately.
product and delivery
The product arrived ahead of schedule and in perfect condition, I am very satisfied with the purchase.
Good product
Received as expected.
The only drawback is that the freight was charged as if it were two deliveries and everything was sent in a single volume, by the post office this tends to reduce the total freight a little. Everything else in order.
I didn't receive the sconce, just the numbers. I would like to know when I will receive it because I need it urgently.
As soon as I receive it I can evaluate
Very good
I haven't installed the product yet. Therefore, I cannot do the evaluation. Just delivery.
Order with two products... deliver only 1
GOOD
Good afternoon!
Despite checking yes, I found it strange that the envelope was torn, appearing to have been violated.
I will only be sure of the product when I use it.
I recommend this store. I never had any problem
I RECOMMEND
I bought 2 lights, but you only sent me 1 light, I sent you an email talking about my problem, but so far no one has sent me any email explaining!
I still haven't received an answer as to why I'm late.
I recommend!
It arrived well before the deadline, I love it!
excellent
Great delivery! And it even delivered well ahead of schedule!
Great quality product. Very satisfied.
Fast delivery
I bought 3 products and only received one.
I didn't receive any contact from the company to talk about the lack of the other 2 products; whether I will receive it or not.
I bought two towers of beer, the carrier only gave me one package and it only had one tower inside, I am very dissatisfied!
Loved the delivery and the product
Delivered before the deadline and product arrived as expected, packed.. congratulations
the product doesn't work and I can't talk to the store on the website. I need you to help me exchange the product.
I received the product before the deadline. I really liked the product, prettier in person. I recommend.
Really wonderful progressive, without bad smell and leaves hair very hydrated and shiny!
Great product. .. arrived earlier than expected.
Product came correct and delivered the day after purchase, even with the forecast of 7 days.
Very good, product as specified
Beautiful and good quality curtain, I haven't snapped it yet, but I can already see that it will solve my problem with the toastex light.
Very good product. Delivery was delayed due to the truck drivers' strike.
Wonderful product! Much more than I expected and arrived on time! A wealth of spectacular detail! I was very satisfied with the seriousness of the store!
good way to buy
I received it on time, but another product came.
Which wasn't what he'd bought.
I loved
Merchandise has not been delivered, I want you to review it with the targaryen
grade 10
I liked the purchase, united the goods with the value
lannister.com secure online shopping!
Very satisfied
I ordered two lamps and only received one.
Excellent service.
Very beautiful product, arrived well before the deadline.
the only negative observation is that the product came without the respective invoice, and I would like to know how to obtain it.
The product was delivered before the established deadline and the price is very competitive.
The camera screen does not come with anything to protect it, so it arrived with some small scratches, even though it is NEW. The battery also lasts a little.
Very fast, arrived well before the expected date, I will only buy from Lannister now.
The watch is beautiful and has many functions. I just think he's more feminine than masculine because he's quite small; For me, I'm a woman and I have a very thin wrist, it was great. I loved!
Fast delivery
GREAT PRODUCT I RECOMMEND .....
I bought a watch model and I just received another product
I am satisfied
I would just like to make sure that the product is original...
As advertised, quality product and delivery.
Product delivered on time, within specifications, as advertised.
Congratulations this is already the fourth purchase that I make and I am very satisfied
excellent purchase, great service, great product.
Product appears to be very fragile but meets expectations.
very good service correct products
fast delivery
They still haven't delivered the invicta watch I bought, it was for 06/06/18 and until now, they haven't even given me a satisfaction
I bought 02 Books, and only 01 was delivered
The chromium picolitane was missing from the order. The box only came with Whey Protein
you can buy very good easy to clean
loved the products. I was surprised by the fast delivery and it came very well packaged. great finish. I was very satisfied!
Good bargain
Good product, accurate delivery!
Terrible
great product..beautiful
Terrible partner of Lannister!
He doesn't even give satisfaction.
I want my money back.
I am waiting.
The mirror is of poor quality. It is not compatible with mirrors already purchased by me of the same model (10X).
I request the return and refund of my payment.
Great store, delivery on time.
Fast, good price and correct item.
Very beautiful
Good evening, as I informed you earlier, the stainless steel spatula was not delivered, I would like to know about it.? Thank you Jean
Received 14 days ahead of schedule.
I love it I'm going to buy one for my cousin
Right after I placed the order, I verified that I had bought the wrong product, I requested the cancellation, which was not carried out, I explained the reason for the exchange for another product
The delivery was carried out correctly, within the agreement. The product came perfect and in usable condition.
I bought 3 units and only received 1.
I received the product exactly as ordered and within the expected time frame. Congratulations to targaryen and stark.
The product did not come with the 7 pieces as published on the website. So 3 pieces of curtain, curtain holder and rod support were delivered.
Americans need to be careful with this strategy of selling through partners. I have a pending issue for 3 months at your SAC and the American companies cannot solve it
I received only one bottle of the product Limoncello Italiano Premium Coppo 700 ml
Arrived earlier than expected, everything ok
Product similar to the original, tested all keys worked and apparently will be useful in replacing the original.
I didn't like it because I had to pick it up at the post office and they didn't deliver it to my house
Everything arrived correctly.
The product had a problem with the power supply cable, it turns on and off several times during use, we couldn't even test it, in fact, we chose to return it, unfortunately!
I have not yet received the products due to incompetence of the post office, there is no way to evaluate the way you asked. I think you should change the search. Like: if not, why?
My nincho kit comes with some chips in the dye, I believe that due to the handling of the package and also the carrier.
Excellent
very good
Very different photo, mainly the very thin synthetic grain... different from the photo
It was not as expected the product was partially delivered, I bought 6 buckets of 15 kilos of waterproofing product and received 5 missing 1 I made a complaint but I have not received a response yet, I am waiting
Seriousness, quality, punctuality.
The product arrived as expected, excellent.
I received the product in perfect condition and on time.
They have not contacted me so far, only the invoice was issued and nothing else. The deadline has passed. And so far nothing.
Continue straight so
Original product and fast shipping. I recommend it to everyone.
I recommend
In addition to not delivering the product, I made a complaint and they did not give any satisfaction.
I really liked the mouse, it's beautiful in general and very light. However, I found the material quite tacky, it seems to break easily, but it works well.
very good product, but very small.
I only received 1 of the 2 lamps, so I don't understand how stark can set the product as delivered.
Efficient delivery.
excellent
Good morning.
The product came broken.
I want the exchange.
I recommend !!!!
great product great seller delivery on time
OK
I do not recommend the store, they are advertising original Epson ink and it is not. An almost perfect forgery. Disgusted due to the attempt to deceive the consumer.
Met expectations.
I received the product very well packaged, and well before the expected date. I am satisfied. I recommend.
The product has been delivered, but the color is different, it is stained! Looks like bleach was thrown in. The color is not harmonic.
Arrived on time good product
Very good
I received the product as specified on the site. Super satisfied!
delivered on time, very satisfied.
The bag handle broke on the second day of use. It simply fell apart. My daughter was late!
keep it up, the deadline exceeded expectations
Ok all right thanks.
Great product, exceeded my expectations.
I bought two perfumes, the Tommy Hilfiger I received in a sealed box, it seems ok, but the perfume by Gabriela Sabatini, the box is unsealed and has a self-adhesive label at the bottom of the outer side of the bottle. Will it be fake??
I always buy from Lannister and I have nothing to complain about, everything is perfect.
very good product with very strong light and loud horn.
It has a good magnification, but it's still not what I'm looking for, because you have to stay very close, you have to almost touch the object you are observing.
Well packaged, super fast delivery
Fast and safe delivery..
Quality product
Excellent
I'm waiting for the painting duo, because only the curtains were delivered!! After receiving, I change my evaluation!!!
I made the return request, because I bought the film for the zenfone 5 selfie and the one for the zenfone 4 came
The product is simple, in accordance with the image and the price paid. Thank you.
They will deliver before the deadline, love it
The delivery was split in two. There was no communication from the store. I thought they only sent part of the product.
I come another model of casio watch, different from the watch I bought.
great product, trusted dealer. I recommend
Super fast delivery.very good
a sealed box was delivered, but only 1 product was inside the box.
Super recommended service and shipping.
I haven't used the product yet, I haven't had time.
I bought three products, but only one was delivered
product arrived ahead of schedule, carefully well packaged, beautiful pendant! I recommend.
Product delivered ahead of schedule, arrived very well packaged and working properly.
Everything came just fine, I highly recommend this product. It arrived earlier than expected.
I really liked it
Only problem is that the ink doesn't "hold" well in the pen.. You have to dip it several times to be able to use it (as if it had been diluted)
But it could be a problem that I'm the only one having
worth it with
My order was delivered quickly, I have already bought other times through Lannister and never had any problems. I recommend.
Before buying I watched some videos on YT because I don't know anyone who uses this pedal, but it was really worth it, great value for money and it arrived 20 days before the deadline. I am very satisfied! Let's go dale!
I received the product fast after a week from the date of purchase. But it didn't come in Pink according to my choice and the invoice issued. I didn't request an exchange because it was a birthday present.
the three sets of sheets came with days of difference
I bought 5 chairs and received 3.
I am waiting for the remaining 2 chairs from the order.
It was delivered well ahead of schedule.
I loved it, the products arrived well before the deadline, less than a week, everything was well packed, the delivery man called loudly, which makes it possible to hear and answer, very good, I highly recommend it.
Material delivered correctly
M/reference will only be given for the purchase and delivery of the product, which took place on time even earlier than promised. But I will only recommend the store after using the medicine and getting the result. Best regards to
Lam
product is not good
The product is beautiful and arrived on time
I have not received the product nor will I send a call
As described
Delivery was made even before the established deadline. Well packaged and approved product
I paid shipping for the product to be delivered and I had to pick it up at the post office!
great value for money
fast delivery
The product is very good, corresponds to the advertised and the shipment was very fast.
Very good service and delivery was a long time before stipulated.
Fast delivery
To this day, I still haven't had problems with purchases at Lannister stores. Very good buy.
AS ALWAYS, DELIVER BEFORE THE DEADLINE. PRODUCT AS ADVERTISED WORKING WELL.
I received the contact lenses with the wrong prescription. I requested 1.50 and they came with 1.75. Sad because I need the lenses for Saturday the 19/05.
Instead of you worrying about solving the product delivery problem. They keep filling the bag with evaluation. I bought the product on 04/29/2018 to be delivered on 05/15/2018. Until now, nothing
I only received one. But I bought two. I didn't like the quality of the product and it didn't come packaged with a label. It looks like it's been used. And I bought it for a gift. I want to return it.
Great product! I am satisfied and recommend it to anyone interested.
excellent
Excellent store.
I received the order in half !!!
I have already communicated to Lannister about what happened and I am waiting for a solution to the case !!!
The product purchased meets the specifications contained on the website, it was delivered 15 days in advance and I recommend shopping on the website at lannister.com
excellent
It arrived before the expected time.
All very well!
perfect shop
Everything perfect
the product was delivered late
It arrived before the expected date, I would recommend the stark store to my friends, congratulations.
I received exactly what I expected. Other orders from other sellers were late, but this one arrived on time.
I love it so much, I will buy it all the time.
I arrived safely. Well ahead of schedule.
I am not satisfied with the quality of the product
When turning on the headlight, one of the lamps flickers slightly and sometimes it goes out on its own and then turns on again, I have already switched the lamps and the problem persists.
The store fulfilled its part, however the product was not delivered by the post office. I was dissatisfied
lannister is to be congratulated, super fast delivery.
I paid for 2 units of Miss Gabriela Night Perfume and received only 1 unit.
I bought a total of 13 tablet cases and unfortunately I only received 12.
I sent an email the same day, and another today and no one got back to me.
Will the product still arrive?
Without punctuality, there is no customer satisfaction.
The product is very good. Very expensive shipping.
The product was delivered on time, but an item was missing. I immediately contacted Lannister who told me to get in touch with you and get back to me. But so far nothing!
Great buy. Product delivered on time.
I am only very offended by the tax charged by governments.
I bought 3 bottles of wine, only two came and now I complain as if I signed
Good products and fantastic delivery
Very good
I buy for a long time at Lannister and the products always arrive well before the deadline and are of great quality
The mattress protector was missing
Great with tinua so you will have a customer for a long time
I got 1 cup of each, I bought 6 of each should get 12 pieces. I'm waiting for your feedback!
great product
The product arrived correctly.
Unfortunately I received the product which is a solution for bitten nails with an empty and damaged bottle
Excellent wallpaper and delivery service.
I bought three lamps and only one arrived...
I would have to have the right size and color, because I didn't like the color
I really liked the product and the service
MATERIAL NOT DELIVERED ON TIME
I liked
I thought the fabric was of superior quality. It's much lower than what I thought I'd buy
Product met expectations. I bought it for my girlfriend, she liked it a lot.
I still received the product, it's past the estimated deadline and I paid the shipping
satisfied
bad service. So far they haven't solved my problem.
The product came different from what I ordered, I paid for shipping and I had to go to the Post Office in an agency very far from home
A PRODUCT FROM ANOTHER BRAND WAS DELIVERED, THE DEADLINE WAS NOT MEET, EXPENSIVE SHIPPING, FINALLY THIS PURCHASE WAS A DISASTER
I loved my product, and everything arrived perfectly
I did the installation as it said in the manual, but the device did not work.
When installing the cartridge the computer indicated that it was used or counterfeit, I requested a return.
First purchase, I hope it continues like this, punctual, ensuring excellence.
I received the product much earlier than the deadline, it is a good and original product, I will install it and then I will give my best comment...
I made the purchase and payment, the deadline expired and nothing of the product was delivered, in fact it was not even sent yet. Terrible!
within the agreed
I can't get in touch to ask for my product back since they said it would be available until the 5th in the mail which returned on the 2nd
Out of 3 items I bought, only one was delivered to me.
Regarding the delivery, everything went well, but I still need a few days to say if the effect will really be positive.
A roll of wallpaper was missing. As I'm having a baby next week, I'll want my money back, because there won't be time for another roll to arrive if you send it. I will return this
Great product, good size, bigger than I imagined. Would buy again.
good service
We do not receive invoices for the products, how is that possible, it is extremely serious to transport without an invoice, the customer is left without guarantees, on the stark website it is not possible to print, I need the invoices.
I just have to thank
After 10 days of the deadline for delivery, on 04/17/18, there was no contact to justify the absence.
EVA has a very strong smell, like some solvent. But the material is of good quality.
Shop 100%. Reasonable product.
The ink quality is not good, The orange color, for example, came out brown. Did not like
I had a problem with the goods, I ordered the curtains in khaki and they delivered them in gray...
I am very satisfied
All right, well packaged, beautiful hat!
The cover was right, but the film is smaller than the cell phone.
I loved
Excellent Store
As arrived as advertised, I recommend the store..
great
Excellent quality product. Delivery ahead of schedule.
I liked the store, the quality of the product, the delivery, but despite the size of the notebook being stated in the description, mine did not fit. The folder became small and did not close.
I received the product on time, with all items and in perfect condition.
The American website does not notify when it comes out for delivery.
The product arrived and on the website it appears as if it were in the carrier.
I haven't received my curtain yet
excellent
I felt hurt. Product does not work at all. It's a fraud. And because I was on a trusted site, I swore I could trust the product.
Very good high quality product.
Very good, received well before the deadline!
cartridge came burned and they can't solve my problem
Great buy! Excellent product! I recommend
Product itself is good, but came the color different from the one I bought.
Fast delivery, quality product!
product has already been returned 1 time by delivery with wrong parts so they reversed the value to make another purchase I returned the purchase from the same seller the chair came correct this time but no screws came
Order arrived incomplete, I opened a ticket and they said it would be resolved within 48 hours, but it already exceeded the deadline
I only received the icing pan and the yellow cake pan. The sunflower cake tin, in pink, was not delivered to me.
Product still not received even after delivery deadline. Awaiting response from the seller.
Excellent material, I recommend!
excellent logistics
Good afternoon,
The products were delivered yesterday in the middle of Sunday, when there were no people responsible for receiving the goods, which left 4 chairs missing.
I still haven't received the whey protein only the naara for the shipping cost I should have received very expensive shipping others without conditions shipping makes the purchase impossible
I think the product should have a longer shelf life.
Excellent
I loved. The fabric is great and it is very firm. I had to knot the straps because of my hooks, but I had no problems. I recommend the purchase.
good product
I like to buy..
Everything's good
I always buy on the website and it comes with good material but this one came very bad, it looks like a sheet so thin, the print came as in the photo but the material left something to be desired, I bought 2 still thinking it was good.
the two packages came very crumpled, I almost returned the order. I no longer buy from this store.
Product came crooked at the tip where I measured
The product arrived in excellent condition and well before the delivery date.
Product received before the established deadline
I liked the product I found it very good good service arrived on time I recommend
Product delivered way ahead of schedule the product has not yet installed but it is beautiful !!!
highly recommend
Look, my product came with a defect, then I sent it for warranty and the warranty came with a defect too.
OK
I bought two plushies and only one unit arrived. The little devil emoji plush is missing.
delivered on time and correct product
I bought a set of cans and received LUNCHBOARDS!
I received it in two shipments, however, it came exactly what I bought.
Always recommended, the product arrived even earlier than expected and met my expectations.
THE COMPANY DID NOT HAVE THE PRODUCT I PURCHASED AND SENT ANOTHER ONE WITHOUT EVEN CONTACTING ME TO KNOW IF I WANTED IT! I RECEIVED THE PRODUCT AND HAD TO RETURN IT FOR AN EXCHANGE.
it was encachado perfect, and I'm already using it!
I bought 2 puffs and a chromebook. Delivery was incomplete. The puffs were not delivered. I try to call to complain and none of the phones I can speak with an attendant. Pitiable.
I bought 4 kits and only received, for now, only 01 (one). Hence my assessment that "the product was not delivered". I think they should inform the purchase that it would come in parts and not all at once. I wait.
Delivery before the deadline... only the box that was quite damaged and crumpled, but did not cause damage to the product.
the product never arrived
It is not sold and only after 1 month it announces that it does not have the product
All right, product and delivery, excellent.
highly recommend
did not deliver the goods !!!
Almost a month and nothing
My deadline was 08/09/18 and since 07/28/18 I already have the product. All right, very well packaged, well identified.
It arrived before the expected time.
Good product and very beautiful!
Very good
I purchased 2 toners and they were delivered one at a time, but the invoice for the 1st product included the delivery of 2 products, I even made a complaint regarding the product not being delivered. Please ask for attention
very good service and delivered on time
Great product I recommend it arrived well before the deadline
This website is wonderful. I recommend
Everything went very well,
I had to go get
Super safe and efficient website. I loved
Recommend, top the product
Product meets the purpose, good quality and received before the agreed deadline
Good
excellent
Great quality product and easy to assemble.
I ordered the Pure Seduction and got the Love Spell.
I did not receive the wall clock
Good quality product and delivery on time!!!
Great product, delivered well before the deadline, very satisfied with this seller and the product.
Great, I'm already using it.
maybe it will arrive in another shipment
wrong product
Good product, however, on the site I thought it was much bigger, but it's good. I recommend...
Delivery made before the expected date.
Very fast delivery...Congratulations
I didn't receive the pan
great product
My product returned without even being contacted. I'm waiting for answers.
I loved the product
Honestly, I won't recommend it to anyone!!
I enjoyed shopping with you, thank you for the good service.
Connected is perfect. but if you only plug it in and don't turn on the air, it gives off a burning smell.
Great purchase arrived 2 weeks before the estimated date, came very well packaged.
Loved the purchase.
Top quality product, congratulations.
I didn't understand, the order was for three units, and only one came. I would like an explanation or my money back. I still recommend the store because it was the first time this had happened. Thanks.
very good
I haven't installed it yet, but great value for money
good
The store is great, the product I still don't know.
Dear Sirs, I still haven't received my merchandise
Meets my need
I purchased two expandable hoses, and only received one of them. As the payment for the purchased product was made with a credit card, I want to know who will refund me the amount?
I BOUGHT A CARD BUT IT DIDN'T WORK AND IT GAVE AN ERROR AND THROUGH THE APPLICATION IT SAID IT WAS FAKE
the product arrived in perfect condition and before the established date
Missed delivery date.
Great
very good
They delivered only one product out of the four items in the order... I want the rest of the order... Where is it?
SATISFIED
It arrived before the deadline.
I only received 1 unit
I'm waiting for the product
product arrived in half
Well, I would like to thank the stark site because they gave me a deadline for delivery of the product and the product arrived before the date... the right product in one piece without even a single damage! Satisfied with the website.
Very good!!!
Product arrived broken is material is not good
I bought a 3x2,80 curtain. They sent me two curtains, each measuring 1.50x2.80. CLOWNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA.


if I wanted a curtain measuring 1.50 I would buy 1x50, not 3 meters
I recommend
Received ahead of schedule, delivery was super fast. Thanks!!!
Good morning... I bought a metallic red drinking fountain... and I received a Pink drinking fountain... obs... my dog ​​is male...
Several delays and the product with absurd delay!! Awaiting action from lannister.com
Good product, before delivery time, excellent.
The product is of good quality and came before the stipulated time.
I received before the deadline loved the product
For 100% blackout, you will need a blackout FABRIC curtain, PVC, I approve in terms of blocking heat and sun rays, but because it is not sealed, the light still passes through a lot, alone it does not work
I really liked it, it arrived on time and I will recommend Lannister stores.
very good
I called the central on this date because of this order I still have not received the office chair and accompanying my orders it is as delivered
All right, except some information in the product characteristics does not apply
I made the purchase of 2 pendants and received only one, I went to pick it up at the post office in my city and there I was informed that there was only one order in the order to be picked up, I'm trying to call and I can't.
it took a while to put it in the post office, but then it was fast, but it was late!
I bought it and received it in the arrangement, nothing to complain about, I definitely recommend at jose
Ordered and arrived on time and the right product!
I made the return request, because I bought the film for the zenfone 5 selfie and the one for the zenfone 4 came
Good and well packaged merchandise
The cell phone Great I recommend it to everyone I loved it
Great service, delivery on time, wonderful products!!!
I really like shopping in the Americas note ten.
Good watch! Arrived before expected date
Good
Product as expected. Good.
But it's good
very good
Product delivered ahead of schedule.
Great product delivered on time
Very good! Came very well packaged and arrived on time!
everything went well
I bought two products and only delivered one.
I didn't receive the product I bought
I haven't tested the scissors yet... but they look good.
buy a watch, the ad said it was original! but the watch is a poor quality replica.
The product exceeded my expectation. The delivery time was anticipated by 7 days. I already installed it and it was a show.
The delivery date has passed and I still have not received the product.
Product arrived before the estimated time. Well packed. Very good tracking service. Congratulations to the targaryen company partner of the lannister store.
My boyfriend liked it a lot, light and pretty and easy to adjust.
Arrived ahead of schedule and the product is exactly what I wanted
Very good .
Good morning, I received the product but when using it I realized that the blades are defective, they are misaligned and the comb is mounted crookedly, how do I change it?
Great, they were very helpful !!.
I bought it as a gift and the person really liked it
Product delivered quickly and with quality
He has not delivered the order until today.
I loved everything about the product, it arrived before the expected date, only compliments! keep it up
We really like the product, it came exactly as stated in the ad, arrived on time, exact navy blue color, wonderful cost benefit, excellent!!!!! We recommend yesssss 😍😍😍
I hope it's always like this fast and perfect product.
The order has not been delivered.
I received it on time.
Good product for the price offered.
Good quality product. It met my expectations!!!
The faucet comes out very little water so the solution was to put my old faucet back
Very good. Delivered before the deadline.
I liked it very much it arrived what I expected
Very good, on time
Good price and delivered on time.
Product exactly as advertised, arrived well ahead of schedule. I recommend it to everyone.
A thousand on the delivery time, but a 01 on the quality of the paints.
I just found the bible a little expensive for the size
I didn't like the delivery on several different dates! Different from all online purchases I use!
Super indicate, arrived before the expected date and everything was right. I will always buy.
Delivery before the expected date, I loved the product.
Product arrived ahead of schedule and everything within the description;
I will buy again
Product exactly as requested
Delivered on time and with the product as advertised. I recommend.
I bought acuvue oasis lens + 6.00 and they delivered -6.00 (myopia)
On the website it says 8.00 which is the same as +6.00 (positive), if it had the negative sign I would not have bought it.
Now I need to return it for exchange
Product ok but it takes a long time to deliver, it looks like it's coming from China.
Fast delivery and excellent product. easy to install
Good morning,

Still waiting for the order today. How can I evaluate? Bad?
I liked it a lot, my only negative reservation is that it didn't come with an assembly manual, which made the installation difficult.
everything is OK
The post office "PAC" type of shipment takes a long time, as generally the car part is needed with a certain urgency, it should have the sedex option. I'd rather pay R$ 20 more for shipping and receive it soon
I am satisfied with the delivery of the product. Congratulations to the store for the great service! I will recommend the same to other people.
I purchased 2 sets, and despite the invoice showing 2, only 1 set was sent in the package. I want my other set.
Good product received well before expected everything perfect, super recommend.
I recommend
I didn't receive the product
Everything's good
Unreliable
Product matches the specifications!
You can buy it that came all right
I paid for two flasks, the bill contains two and only one came in the box. Treat_sr meds and I can't be without.
I received the products on time but the protectors came a little dirty
paid for
That I bought
without concern for the customer, there is no transparency, as there is no direct communication channel. I want to cancel and get my money back.
It would not be fair not to recommend the store because I did not receive the product because the Post Office did not deliver it. Perhaps it would be interesting for the store to use another carrier.
The cost x benefit makes up for it when comparing the mug to the size of the pillow (which is sooooo small). All in all, the product is pretty cute.
It didn't come with the switch I tried to call it at the store and to no avail
I really liked
I received the product much earlier than expected by the store.
I liked the product and it was as expected
It makes it a lot easier for those who don't want to spend only with a flat iron damaging their hair
product arrived quickly and well packaged.
product arrived before the deadline estaode congratulations
I recommend
Received before the deadline provided by the store and arrived in perfect condition
good product
Arrived on time and the product is of excellent quality! My back pain is gone, I'm sleeping very well!
I have not received the product.
I will never buy from this company again. And the Lannisters lost a customer too.
Product delivered in two days very good
I did not receive my order and it has already shown by the tracking that it has already been delivered and until today nothing.
Very satisfied with the purchase, despite thinking it was fabric.
Very beautiful product and excellent application.
I love them, they're beautiful!
very good products
Exactly what I was looking for, it worked
I was very happy with my purchase, the products arrived well before the expected date, I was even surprised, the goods were well packaged and everything was fine. I love it and I highly recommend it.
Always good buy at stark
I have been a Baratheon customer for some time and I have always received my products on time and in perfect condition, with no need for an exchange.
Product delivered well before the deadline congratulations
I loved the product, I will buy another one.
I bought one product and received another!!! Totally dissatisfied.
guaranteed quality
Show I highly recommend
made in china with a huge written label....same brand and standard of the product sold in my city which by the way i purchased for the previous device...conclusion? I paid more than double for something from a camelodrome
Good quality product and good finish
Congratulations, delivery before the deadline and a great watch
I bought two products on 08/17 scheduled for 09/14; One arrived on 08/23 and the other on 08/24, I was very happy with the delivery time and with the products, which came as requested
Beautiful curtain, I like it very much.
but I didn't like the product. I found the taste very artificial. I had already bought another brand of cramberies and it wasn't sweet like this one.
As for the delivery and the store, everything is fine.
Super fast delivery and the product is very good! I'm super satisfied!
Excellent
my order arrived well before the deadline, thank you
Product arrived in perfect condition ahead of schedule!
The panel printing is a little weak, different from the photo.
The displays are the same as the photo.
Removing the panel a little blurry I nominate.
Quality product, fast delivery, I recommend it to everyone.
Arrived before the deadline
This service was perfect.
good service
recommend the product.
With no forecast of receipt, Lannister should not do any kind of business and cherish Lannister's customers who are loyal.
I liked the product, I had difficulty assembling it, because I couldn't thread it because it had a dent in the hole, but I managed and it turned out very well.
I only received 1 unit
I am very satisfied, because this purchase was for a gift to my dear Mother.
I really liked the agility and commitment to customers.
Thank you for the efficient feedback
PRODUCT ARRIVED ON TIME, BUT AS ALWAYS, WHEN IT COMES VIA MAIL, IT TAKES TIME
I was very pleased with the service, it did everything it promised.
Counterfeit product with clear signs of piracy. Besides, it comes empty, without ink... Can Arnaldo do that?
met expectations
Very good and beautiful product, delivery earlier than expected.
I liked the watch, but the photo that is there is nothing like what comes.
I do not recommend.
material with a very good quality, letter for very good reading, and everything was delivered right.
I recommend, arrived on time.
product with good price and quality
It's very transparent, the seams are loose and it doesn't fit like the photo, I have another cover, and this one is perfect, so I don't recommend anyone to buy it.
I recommend
I've been shopping with you and it's been good! I hope that new purchases can be made and the results are the same..
Very fast and great products.
Fast delivery.
I did not receive the product and no guidance on where to pick it up
I recommend this product, very good. Lannister stores are to be congratulated, delivered well ahead of schedule.
The basket is beautiful and decorative, but I expected it to be a little wider. It's thin, it doesn't fit much.
When I bought it I looked for the measurements but couldn't find it.
I still recommend it, because it's beautiful.
easy purchase and fast delivery
I bought about 4 products to be shipped, the 3 arrived before the date to arrive, only one of my products is enough. Now I'm just going to buy things at baratheon.
I loved it, arrived well before the deadline the doll is beautiful, my daughter is super satisfied.
Very good, I was scared when I noticed that it would be delivered by mail since it always fails to deliver any order, but I was surprised the next day it was delivered.
It was not the flavor I ordered.
I ordered a CHOCOLATE flavor
And came VANILLA flavor
I was very upset I didn't check the flavor before opening I thought I could trust you guys.
I bought this cable and the g2460pf monitor and I am not able to reach the 144hz of the monitor, I need support.
I thought the hooks were bigger but it's ok !!
Everything ok, delivery before the deadline, thank you.
The product received is different from that specified on the website.
The responsible company is already sending the
correct product.
were very attentive
I received 2 units of the product, and I bought 3 units..
Very good product
Delivery made before the deadline.
I really enjoyed shopping on this site.
Speed ​​and efficiency
On the Lannister website the information on the type of disposable bag is NANO. On the website it doesn't say the number, that's why I received the NANO 11 which is bigger than the vacuum cleaner bag, I'll see if it works correctly.
Fast delivery, I recommend this store.
I already sent an email stating that there is a serious problem with the delivery of the product. I went to the Post Office and they told me that the Lannisters are responsible. Did not arrive at destination.
Delivered before the deadline. All very well.
So far I have only received one set of sheets
Sheet Set Casal King Imperial 04 Pieces 180 Thread Percal Stick Stitch - Persimmon
The product met my needs
Product received correctly and on time.
I didn't like this store, the quilt kit didn't come with the Heart pillow and even in a different color from the photo, it came beige instead of white. Bad quality too, it's a sheet with ruffles!!! And the chair rocks!!
very well packaged, but it took a long time to arrive.
Excellent quality product.
Shop that respects the consumer. Product delivered on time, in perfect condition.
very good delivered to me in (02) days.
everything perfect, the product and the delivery
very satisfied.
Delivery delay.
Not received
Product as advertised, beautiful and super recommend.
The product arrived without problems. But he is not what is being said. Its nutritional table is misleading and the product is adulterated! It's not whey protein isolate!
It was unbelievable when I went to answer the mail. We had a deadline of 8/20 for receipt. It arrived in 3 days. Congratulations!
I bought 5 chairs and received 3.
I am waiting for the remaining 2 chairs from the order.
I need a position. Until now I have not received the product.
Product arrived in perfect condition, I liked it very much
no stress.
Received 22 days ahead of schedule
I bought a round brown rug I received a rectangular blue one, good quality product but wrong
I loved the table, what a pity that I got confused in the color, I bought it thinking it would be white, but it is nude. but it's ok, very beautiful, it's worth it
The order was 5 bottles of linseed oil, 1 coconut oil came. If you didn't have the 5, you shouldn't sell. I've been trying to contact you by e_mail for 2 days and nobody responds. By phone and impossible
Excellent, it looks beautiful on my Boris, I highly recommend it. Great quality merchandise, the products are delivered before the scheduled deadline
I liked. I found it a little fragile.
excellent
great product
Product as advertised. Very good
Material that was made the bag, and very weak and of poor quality.
It arrived on time.
I recommend
I received it safely and quickly, thank you very much
Congratulations the delivery time has improved a lot
ONE OF THE BOTTLES WAS MISSING 20 CAPSULES, I THINK IT IS ABSURD FOR PEOPLE TO BUY SUCH AN EXPENSIVE PRODUCT AND PEOPLE HAVE THE COURAGE TO DO THIS
TYPE OF SACANAGE.
I INSTALLED IT AT MY PARENTS' HOUSE, I HOPE IT WORKS WHEN I NEED IT, I HOPE I NEVER NEED IT BECAUSE LEAKING GAZ IS VERY DANGEROUS!!!!
Very good, arrived well before the agreed deadline.
great!!!!!
delivery was earlier than agreed the product of high quality
I RECOMMEND
The product arrived correctly and on time!
Very good
Product has not yet been delivered. I'm still waiting.
Product delivered before the deadline. In perfect conditions. I highly recommend.
I loved it ... It arrived well before the arm, I recommend it
Delivery before deadline super good...
Perfect product, the same as in the ad and very good quality, I recommend!
great product
The products from the targaryen store are of excellent quality and arrive even before their scheduled delivery date, however, I believe that due to lack of attention the model of my watch arrived the wrong one.
I can't rate what I didn't get
The order did not arrive with the correct quantity. Missing Chest Support Pectoral Strap For Camera Gopro Go Pro, missing an Adapter Connector P2 Male P10 Female Stereo Microphone being 3.
I bought a spotlight flashlight, which was delivered with a defect, and when I tried to trigger the product exchange I couldn't talk to anyone at the store so I don't recommend this sait to anyone,
Received earlier than expected great quality product !! I recommend it to anyone who saves money and gets something of good quality and on time.
The product says that it is furry and more than 4 cm and it is not what is said and it took a while for delivery
The cover looks more like a big garbage bag than a car cover! Horrible and poor quality! I do not recommend!
Excellent
The watch is very beautiful. I didn't like the company.
The product did not come well packed and missing the manual.
Delivered before the deadline!
Great product and super fast delivery
Agile delivery. Excellent product could have a better finish.
Everything happened favorably, from the beginning, to the delivery!
I received it on time and everything is correct congratulations totally satisfied
A good product.
Super fast delivery.
Of the 7 products I bought we received only 1 I sent a message but so far no response
VERY GOOD
a great product
Excellent
I bought the product and then they said they didn't have it in stock, but on the Lannister website it was still available for sale. I have already requested the cancellation of the purchase, but I have not received a response.
commendable
Product 15 days late than expected.
Delivery on time and product as advertised.
I bought 2 minicraft swords 60 cm bright blue. I received only 1 (one) and 45cm. I want to receive the two swords purchased and in the size that were sold and paid for.
I bought 2 perfumes and only one came! I want my money back!
I bought a watch, and when it arrived, I came across a replica! At no time was I informed that it was a replica, and if I had known I would not have bought it.
My purchase was for two trays, the store only sent one piece in the package.
I received the smartphone missing components in the box and with the rear camera lens scratched. It looks like the product has already been used. After more than thirty days of waiting the product comes in terrible condition.
So far I'm loving my helmet😊
I WOULD LIKE TO MAKE A COMPLAINT:
THE CUSTOMER BOUGHT THE SAME PRODUCT, BUT BOUGHT 2 (TWO UNITS).
THE CORRECT IS TO PUT THE TWO PRODUCTS IN ONE PACKAGE AND CHARGE ONLY ONE FREIGHT AMOUNT.
Note I don't have to give I want my product
Fast delivery
There are two products, I received one, waiting for the second.
I bought a Product, and another completely different one came!!!!!
Product according to the post.
Fast delivery and ahead of schedule.
It met my expectations, I recommend it.
Very large. Very good
Late delivery.
I RECOMMEND
The order was delivered much earlier than the established deadline. highly recommend
Great store to buy
Delivery is fast
Congratulations
Great product!
The product is of quality does what it promises
The order was delivered in duplicate, I received 2 of each item. One of the scales came damaged. I await the withdrawal of items sent in duplicate.
I really liked the product
the box was half open and the warranty date that I don't know if it's the expiration date is very close 06/2018
WORKS WELL WITH JUST ONE BRUSH
VERY GOOD. ALL VERY WELL.
VERY BEAUTIFUL PRODUCT
I received with 1 day of delay, but I was satisfied with the product.
I haven't received it yet, but deadline is 6/15/2018
so waiting
OK.
store would be competent wonderful product delivery before the deadline everything ok my favorite store congratulations
I did not receive the product because the store did not put my last name on the delivery identification and the post office would not deliver to any cristiane
I recommend it to everyone..
My product is wrong. The invoice and product is in someone else's name.
I can't get in touch to order my right product
it took more than 1 month to replace the broken tub and send the missing part
Fast delivery good service
very fast, as expected.
A beautiful watch, but it can only be used as little as possible because I washed my hands and it filled with water.
Good
very good
I only used the glove twice and the glove is simply tearing completely
Wrong product delivered, I still haven't received what I bought.
The product was supposed to arrive between 8 to 11 days and it arrived in three days, congratulations!
The product purchased was Moringa in capsules, which, however, was already being used at a local compounding pharmacy. The one I bought now doesn't work at all.
IT'S OK THAT UNTIL NOW I HAVEN'T RECEIVED MY PRODUCT, BUT I INDICATE YES
Everything quiet I received the product quickly and everything in perfect condition I recommend it to everyone
I bought 2 and only received one.
Because every time I try to track my product it is not possible
Product arrived ahead of schedule congratulations to the company
Great quality product and super fast delivery. #AquiÉGaloPorra
I HOPE YOU RESEND ME!!!!
Highly recommend, it was perfect.
I loved the curtain, it looks beautiful in my living room, and the fabric is beautiful, it makes the room very sophisticated. highly recommend
The print on the board is bad. I hate it and am trying to return the product
THE DELIVERY EXPECTED WAS FOR 07/31 AND IT ARRIVED YESTERDAY 07/04... VERY FAST DELIVERY! THANKS!
Stark's website lists my order as fully delivered, but I only received 1 of 3 items. I've bought it before with targaryen and I liked it, the delivery was super fast. But I do not agree with my request
Order of 03 scales.....after delay in delivery...I received only 01 scale...Invoice erased in quantity.....total bad faith.....
I'm canceling a purchase with the card administrator....
very good
I loved my purchase, everything came as I imagined, perfect, I definitely recommend it.
Very good
Fast and very good, I am very satisfied.
The product arrived well ahead of schedule and was exactly as advertised.
The order arrived earlier than agreed, very good.
PRODUCT COMES IN PERFECT CONDITION, RIGHT TIME, AS I WANTED.
I only received one of the two products. Myofascial Release Roller was not delivered.
Fast delivery...
I've been waiting for a long time and the only message I received was that my order was not sent and then nothing.
Very good job.
DELIVERY WAS SUPER FAST
I was very well taken care of. stark always very attentive. Congratulations
very good delivered on time
Product arrived before the stipulated deadline, correct and of great quality. Approved.
All right, product, delivery date!
Good evening, the product came with a defect, in an hour of use I realized that one of the buttons was no longer on the clock (it came loose), very fragile, the AM led is not lighting up, the numbers 7 and 8 light up together
I asked for a replacement and they didn't.
I bought 6 rugs and only received 4. Two are missing.
EXCELLENT PRICE
Fast delivery
very efficient, delivery made 12 days before the expected date
It came without one of the eyelets and that's why the fabric in that part frayed, I hope that the exchange will come perfect.
product delivered on time and good quality
Delivery on time.
I bought 2 and only received one.
delivered ahead of schedule
nice
Hello, my order was not delivered, I want to know what happened if it is not resolved I will want my money back.
Thanks in advance.
GREAT PRODUCT
The product is very good. Very expensive shipping.
Irresponsible, he has no concern for the customer because he cancels the sale on the eve of delivery after waiting 45 days. I was forced to put a crown in order to leave my opinion here
I haven't used the product yet so I can't rate it.
Came in perfect condition. Arrived 1 day after purchase. I loved
All very well!
I bought the control on 04/23 with a deadline for delivery until 05/10. But the control arrived on the 25/04 in the morning. Super fast delivery, and I'm very happy with the control. Thanks!
came working perfectly
Great quality product and perfect delivery.
Good
Wonderful I just got more space in my closet!
Generic cartridge being sold as original.
I didn't understand, the order was for three units, and only one came. I would like an explanation or my money back. I still recommend the store because it was the first time this had happened. Thanks.
everything delivered correctly
It arrived way, way before the deadline
In addition to a lot of organization since issuing the invoice, the product was delivered without any damage!
I had no reason to complain. They always treated me with courtesy.
The paintings are beautiful, came very well packaged and arrived super fast.
Agility is a differential week!
Note 10 for delivery.
The product is not exactly black in color, it is more like lead copper...
I bought 02 products (lines for LX 150 treadmills by MOVEMENT) billed on my credit card and only 01 arrived at my residence.
I have the invoice. If you want shipping.
It was very good, beyond my expectations. Seller delivered the product before the deadline, well packaged, correct product with invoice, everything right. Congratulations.
I recommend this store to everyone who wants to make a safe and guaranteed purchase.
I RECEIVED EVERYTHING CORRECTLY, BUT I HAVEN'T USED IT, I LIKE THE LOOK OF THE TOOL.
This product is highly recommended. Service note 10. Delivery before the deadline. I'll buy more.
Delivery was made before the deadline, at my request. I loved it, because I had a trip booked and wanted to take the presenter. It worked out.
I loved the pillow, they just need to be more careful when packing the goods, as they packed it in a smaller box, so much so that the unicorn's snout came withered and the horn addicted to being bent. :(
Delivery ahead of schedule .... SHOWWWWWWW
I called to complain, a protocol was opened, Lannister was supposed to call me to give me a position and until now I have not received either the explanation or the product
Thanks for the attention
I LOVED ORDER DELIVERED WELL BEFORE TIME, ALL RIGHT SELLER GREAT.THANKS.

I've been a customer for a long time, never had any problems.
Everything ok with the delivery and the product, my wife likes the cream
counterfeit product, and one mine listens but the two I bought don't work.....
Delivery ahead of schedule, and I don't wait for the next purchase ...
They could send the products all together in the same shipping, so we would save on delivery, apart from that, they were very attentive and I recommend it to everyone!!
Everything's good
Great merchandise, arrived ahead of schedule. I recommend
Punctuality arrived before the deadline.
Secure website reliability.
On a scale of 01 to 05 maximum score (***** 05).
Very good
As described
delivery on time, product successfully delivered
the product description was wrong and I couldn't use the product, I asked for the cancellation 15 days ago and still haven't got a response
I recommend this store delivery straight
Product arrived before delivery date! I am very satisfied with the service provided by lannister.com.
I HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE PRODUCT
Excellent
They are great, they deliver even before the deadline.
Beautiful wallet as described apparently of great quality we'll see with time
Quality product and delivery time as agreed.
need to improve a lot
Product delivered ahead of schedule.
Product arrived ahead of schedule, very beautiful. Meets my needs.
I cannot evaluate for now, the product was posted and there was a strike in the country. Thanks.
I found the material a little rough and the cap tight and small, for those with long or voluminous hair it will wrinkle a lot
Only the kit with the 3 bottles was delivered by mail, the royal cradle skirt has not been delivered yet. I already had a problem with this targaryen partner, in the purchases I made through Lannister stores.
I'm traveling, so I haven't received the product yet.
Everything ok with the product! I received it before the established deadline and the product conforms to the ad!
Great body lotion!
this is my first purchase. hope to have better luck next time
I liked the beautiful and strong material I recommend it
Everything as agreed!! Delivery before the deadline, we were happy and satisfied! Congratulations!
As always everything perfect.
OK
no problem!
I found the curtain beautiful and of good quality. I recommend it!
great value for money
Despite the store's products being at a good cost, the delivery time and the lack of information for the customer about the progress of the order, leaves much to be desired. Unfortunately I do not recommend it to others.
In the description, the measurement was 3.00x2. I do not recommend.
The leaves of the plant are of great quality and the stem is also perfect. Excellent product. Well packaged and arrived well ahead of schedule. Super recommended purchase!
I really like to buy at Lannister, for the quality in the delivery of the products, I recommend you can trust
I bought 04 Unaro, two arrived, call (13) 33-42-21-99 with Juliane who said that the other two products would arrive the next day, because the mail order would change, I would like a return.
The card that came was not the one in the photo, it was not class 10, moreover it is false, in the test I did in an application, the mark does not appear and the capacity of the card is different, it did not work either in the cel or in the comp
Delivery on time and product as advertised. I recommend.
I received the product before the deadline, the delivery was super fast !!
I recommend this carrier!!
I received it within the time frame.
I always bought in Lannister stores, but this time my product was missing one. And when I call, he doesn't answer, it's just a message. AND WITH THIS I AM WAITING AND I CANNOT USE THE DRUG. what price
Quality product, delivery ahead of schedule. I liked.
GREAT LOGISTICS. SUBMIT BEFORE THE DEADLINE. CONGRATULATIONS
Casio watches are the best, especially with batteries that last up to 10 years.
Product arrived super fast. I recommend it to everyone.
I already said GOOD
I received the wrong product, I've been trying to resolve it for three days and I can't. I want to return what I received and I don't know how to do it. I want to get the amount back, because I had to buy my product in another store.
This is already the fourth or fifth purchase of mine that is not enough that there is
IT ARRIVED ON TIME AND WITHOUT ANY DISCREPANCY.
good quality product
Bought as a gift for my daughter, she liked it a lot. It is a very easy product to assemble. Arrived on time..
I did not receive the buchinhos, only the invoice came in a letter
I didn't receive the e mail notices and no phone calls, I didn't know I would have to keep checking the email, because the delivery fee was included
Always buy I never had a problem I will buy whenever I have something I like
Recommend, the product arrived before the expected delivery date. Congratulations.
Loved the conj! It was delivered fast! the set is perfect
Negative
Product comes in great condition
perfectly sealed
It arrived well ahead of schedule! I recommend !
Great store, great product.
The watch is fake, very different from the advertised photo. The price is not worth the product.
I received the product 1 day after purchase, but it came with a defect. I requested a refund of the amount and the return of the product. I am waiting the answer.
In addition to a great product, the deadline was unbeatable!
Delivery in 4 days!!!
I really liked the purchase, including the short time it was delivered.
I just want to know where is my order that hasn't arrived yet? Because the deadline has already expired
delivery on time
Bought 6 memories, only received 5.
I can say that this is the second time I buy from stark the first time they delivered before the deadline and everything is fine now I bought two lamps they delivered only one.
I bought two products, the first arrived correctly and the second, due to the truck drivers' strike, has not yet arrived.
Bad quality pillowcase, seams looked poorly done.
Product delivered within the agreed and correct deadline. I recommend.
Hello, my product arrived on 08/31, but it was wrong, I ordered an External HD from Western Digital Passport X 2tb and an inferior one from Seagate came, I would like to know how to exchange or return it, thank you
Interesting product should work in some car on Clio 2 it didn't work, it came with a broken CD too but I won't use it,
Delivery way ahead of schedule!!
Very good product, good finish and perfect fit!!
I loved
I recommend
Product arrived on time, in perfect condition and came incredibly packaged. Really well packaged... It arrived without any scratches!
Very good product, excellent store.
Dear Responsible Persons!
Thank you for the fast delivery and the good quality product.
Thanks!
I received the goods on time
I found it a little fragile
I am a Lannister customer, and I have always been well attended, the product always arrives in perfect condition, and before the deadline, I recommend it.
I made four orders, I only received one, as the others were cancelled, however the value of the bill came in the total purchase. 1,293.38, purchased on 04/30/18.
I did not receive the spoon set
I loved the products, I just thought it was very bad to have to pay 2 shipping costs for the same product from the same seller

The targaryene is saying that she delivered the five stools but I only received two. Can I solve it without going to PROCON?
Good and cheap scissors. I really liked it and I'm going to buy more to give to the family
The product was delivered, but it was refused, as it had already been canceled for having bought the wrong size!
I always buy from Lannister I never had a problem I hope it continues like this I loved my purchase
NOTHING ELSE, LOW QUALITY PLASTIC....
I was very satisfied.
amoiii dms... arrived much earlier than expected date.
The store sent me a fake, damaged product that doesn't even match the same advertising model. Impressive! This because I had canceled before shipping, and they still shipped against my will
It was supposed to arrive in 7 business days but it hasn't been delivered yet
Excellent
Very good service! Hugs...
The delivery time was very good, merchandise arrived according to the sale.
I'm a prime customer and they still charged me for shipping.
I placed an order for 4 bottles of olive oil. 2 arrived in one day and the other 2 almost 48 hours later.
very good I received everything right the way I asked
Order arrived accordingly!
I would like to know how to make the time visible. It only takes 5 seconds on the display when we press the button. Is there a way to do this? Can I post in 24 hours? How to set the time, advance or delay?
I received the product missing 02 (two) lamps
The truck drivers' strike directly affected the parcel delivery service, but I'm waiting.
IT WAS A GOOD PURCHASE DELIVERED BEFORE TIME.
How can I recommend to someone if the product hasn't arrived yet?
continuous improvement
EXCELLENT
Very good.
The part of the cover where the volume and on/off buttons are located trigger more than one button at the same time.
The product was delivered on time.
on the website image of 120 capsules I received 60 capsules
I do not recommend because I received the wrong product.
The product was delivered on time. However, the sticker on the mug came with two small holes, which compromised my satisfaction with the purchase.
The product was not received on time without any justification explaining the reason for the delay
I liked
I bought three units of the VGA extender and only one was delivered to me. I don't receive an answer to my questions and I didn't receive the invoice
arrived in time
But the fabric left something to be desired, the quality could be much better for the price.
EXCELLENT SERVICE
Great quality scale, has met my needs very efficiently.
Excellent work, on time and you can monitor it from the beginning of the purchase until the product arrives at your home. Very good, I recommend everyone to buy at lannister.com!